"Seresto Flea and Tick Collar for Dogs", "Collars", "Flea and tick protection for dogs and puppies over 18 punds. Kills and repes fleas for 8 months."
"K9 Advantix II Flea and Tick Spot Treatment", "Topical Treatments", "Helps to protect dogs from fleas, ticks, mosquitoes, biting flies and lice"
"Advanatage II Flea Spot Treament for Cats", "Topical Treatments", "Helps protect cats from fleas, ticks, mosquitoes, biting flies and lice"
"Hill's Prescripion Diet 1/d Digestive Care Low Fat Chicken Flavor Dry Dog Food", "Vetinary Diets", "Formulated low fat food to support overal digestive health in dogs."
"Hill's Prescription Diet c/d Multicare Urinary Care Chicken Flavor Dry Dog Food", "Vetinary Diets", "Formulated low fat food to support overal unirary tract care in dogs."
"Hill's Prescription diet k/d Kidney Care with Chicken Dry Dog Food", "Vetinary Diets", "Formulated food to support kidney helath in dogs."
"Purina Pro Plan Veterinary Diets HA Hydrolyzed Vegitarian Dry Dog Food", "Vetinary Diets", Great-tasting dry dog food wiht hydrolyzed proteins."
"Hill's Prescription Diet Gastrointestinal Biome Chicken Flavor Dry Dog Food", "Vetinary Diets", "Perscription formula food designed to support the bacteria in your dog's gut"
"Vetality Stop Te Runs Chewables for Dogs", "Supplement/Medication", "Helps turn dog stools from loose to firm. Supports noraml bowel function and aids in diet change."
"Clotisol Veterinary Blood Clotting Suspension", "First-Aid", "Original formula blood clotting suspension used as an aid ot stop bleeding in animals caused by minor cuts and wounds."
"Total Pet Health Daily Multivitamin Chew for Dogs", "Supplement/Medication", "A daily multivitamin and mineral supplement that provides the nutrients, vitamins and antioxidants that dogs need."
"Bit Not Pet Collar", "Collars", "Alternative to the Elixabethan collar. Provides unimpeded peripheral vision and allows your pet to function normally while prohibitting it from biting/licking wounds."
"Nemex 2 Dewormer for Dogs", "Supplement/Medication", "Eliminates roundworms and hookworms in all dogs."
"InflamAway Plus Hiip and Joint Dog Supplement", "Supplement/Medication", "Effective and all natural joint support formula to better your dog's hip and joints."
"Revolution Plus Topical for Cats", "Topical Treatment", "Simple-to-apply, monthly topical solution that protects from fleas, ticks, ear mites, roundworms, hookworms, and heartworms for cats and kittens."
"Greenies Dog Pill Pockets chicken Capsules", "Supplement/Medication", "Give your dog an easier time taking medications"
"Nutri-Pet Pre/Probiotic Soft Chews for Dogs", "Supplement/Medicaiton", "Helps a dogs gut by improving it gut microbiota."
"Priviable for Dogs and Cats", "Supplement/Medication", "Probiotics for both dogs and cats to suport digestive health."
"Bayer Tapeworm Dewormer for Cats", "Supplement/Medication", "Helps remove tapeworms from cats."
"NatureVet Hairball Aid Plus Pumpkin Cat Chew", "Supplemnt/Medication", "Helps limit and elimate furballs."
"Felimazole tablets for Cats", "Supplement/Medication", "Helps treat Hypothyrodism for cats."
"ProZinc U-40 Injectable for dogs and Cats", "Supplement/Medication", "A protamine zinc insulin to help usppor the insukin levels of diebetic cats and dogs"
"Atopica Oral Solution for Cats", "Topical Treatment", "An oral solution for cts who suffer form allergic dermatitis."
"Heartgard Chew for Cats", "Supplement/Medication", "Heartworm preventative that kills feline heartworms and helps to control and treat hookworms."
"Prednisolone Compounded Oral Liquid for Dogs & Cats", "Supplement/Medication", "An oil-based prepaired sterioid for allergies, cancer, joint pain, arthritis and skin infections."
"Mirataz for Cats", "Topical Treatment", "Transdermal ointment for the management of weight loss for cats."
"Methimazole Oral Liquid for Cats & Dogs", "Supplement/Medication", "Oil-based preparation for an antithyroid agent taht my be used for hyperthyroidism"
"Terramycin for Cats and Dogs", "Supplement/Medication", "Used to help fight eye infections cuased by bacteria in both Cats and Dogs."
"Amlodipine Besylate", "Supplement/Medication", "Used to help control high blood pressure in those wiht chronic kidney diseasae to improve their quality of life."
"Fluoxetine HCI Compounded", "Supplement/Medication", "A Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor prescribed fr behabior issues, ocd, anxietym giestion, and ibs"
"Famiciclovir", "Supplement/Medication", "Anti-viral used to treat upper respiratory and ocular diseses in felines."
"Trazodone", "Supplement/Medication", "Oral table tused to treat depression."
"Elizabethan collar", "Collar", "Collar your pet so they do not bit or lick injuries." 
"Clavamox", "Supplement/Medication", "A broad-spectrum antibiotic for dogs and cats."
"Itrafungol", "Supplement/Medication", "Oral medication to treat ringworm in cats"
"Malaseb Shampoo", "Supplement/Medication", "Prescription shampoo to help provide your cats and dogs wiht relief from irrating skin conditions"
"Clopidogrel Bisulfate", "Supplement/Medication", "Prescribed to both cats and dogs to prevent blood clots from forming in the bloodstream as a result of injuries."
"Diltiazem", "Supplement/Medication", "Prescirbed to treat and somtimes prevent ceratin kinds of abnormal heartbeats." 
"Diphenhydramine", "Supplement/Medication", "Prescirbed to hel with allergy symptoms in dogs and cats."
"Sildenafil", "Supplement/Medication", "Minaly prescribed to dogs and sometimes cats to treat hgih blood pressure in the lungs."